In the last videos, I audited some of
the biggest retail trading names in the
industry. Today, I put Fabio Valentini's
IVB model under institutional scrutiny.
I coded Fabio Valentini's IVB model in a
strategy which automatically identifies
the initial trading balance and the
opening price range. Then, when the
price breaks that range and the move is
confirmed by a strong delta, it opens a
long position. I tested this strategy on
5 years of Nasdaq futures data using a
1:1 reward to risk ratio and trading one
NQ contract. Here are the results. The
strategy generated roughly $165,000.
The equity curve is clear and upward
sloping, and the average trade profit
came in at around $200. The Monte Carlo
shuffling shows a tight distribution
around the mean, and bootstrapping
20,000 simulations, we get an expected
value at around $194 per trade with a
confidence interval ranging from $65 to
$323
per trade. So, yes, Fabio Valentini's
IVB model would pass an institutional
validation. So, all you need to do is
automating this system.